Today was one of the best evenings of my life. For the first time in my life, I went dancing. 
Along the banks of seine surrounded by lovely, passionate people full of energy, it was one hell of an experience.

A huge credit belongs to Aleks, the girl who took me to the dancing arena turning me into a messy, kind of chaotic but super excited kid who just got first candy from a breathless spectator revelling in the beauty of seeing others dance. It was truly amazing. I still remember the basic instructions about trusting the partner, the way we communicate with just hand movements is something I have never experienced before. It still fascinates me everytime I think about it. The way steps flowed, the rhythm and of course occasional motivation from Aleks all contributed to a wonderful memory which I will probably cherish for rest of my life.
Another great memory was the way human beings communicate. I had read somewhere that there is a universal language which every being in the creation understands. Today was my first glimpse of it. Later when I was searching for someone with whom I could practise my newly learnt moves, I saw the lady who was dancing next to me a few minutes back. What followed were some of the most exciting moments of my life when I asked a girl for dancing with me. As it happens she gladly accepted but in Spanish. The next few minutes were truly amazing when two people separated by continents, cultures and language danced to the same rhythm of the music while the night slowly set in. For the entire dance, none of us spoke save a little word of encouragement here and there but that was it. It was truly wonderful.
Of course, the night didn’t end there, we walked a bit around seine, chatted a bit at a cafe overlooking Notre-Dame where I had possibly the most expensive coke of my life. Finally, we headed back to City U where I am writing this at 4 in the morning.
Something amazing happened today and it will be something I will have with me forever.
